You dog thief
Stole my stuff and still show off here
Today I let Qianqian kill you
Take back my legacy
You turned Mother's Day into a blood bone
Are you crazy?
Do you know that you will not only harm him
It will also harm the entire elf
This is what you forced me to do.
Have you ever been a therapist?
Is to find a place to gather shade
Using the fetus in the womb as the right ear
Lure 10,000 poisonous insects to devour the fetus in the womb
And then apply a special rebound
There is a certain chance that it can be successfully refined
So vicious
What is this?
As long as he can die
Yechen, are you crazy?
Do you know
Although this blood bone is strong
But he only has three hours to live.
In three hours he will turn to blood
Then the blood will turn into poison
Pollute the air and earth of the whole elf
The entire elf must die
Brother Cheng, what he said is fake, right?
Of course it's fake.
He is sowing discord
Wife trust me
Kill him and we'll get married right away
Mu Qianqian
You don't have to believe me.
Stop talking nonsense
Do it now
Kill Su Yizawa
Mu Qianqian, how did you become so cruel?
Try to kill Du Qianqian
Damn you now